*disclaimer: these are just some tips from our own experience and may not work for everyone. ultimately, you still have to find your own method of studying which varies from person to person.
Note writing is the best kind of studying in my opinion

You can write them however you want, but preferrably you should use one notebook dedicated to one subject for clarity and organization, or if the subjects are short, 2 in 1 at most. 
But since we live in a world where technology literally surrounds us, you may also switch to online notes. (e.g. OneNote) 
This form of note writing is not only convenient as you can access them from multiple devices(eg. phone, computer, tablet) so you need not carry many physical notebooks around, but it also saves paper. 
Less paper = more trees = Reduce Global Warming 

YAy! 

The disadvantage to online notes is that you may be less likely to remember the information. This is because typing is less effective as compared to one physically writing the information down. 
As one writes, the information is repeated once through the person's mind. Physical notes thus beat online notes in terms of effectiveness as they create muscle memory and help in information retention.

Nevertheless, regardless of whether you choose to make physical or online notes, you can always find a way to make both of them work for you so you need not worry too much. 

TYPES OF PHYSICAL NOTES:

1. Notebooks

2. Flashcards

3. Mindmaps

TYPES OF ONLINE NOTES:
1. OneNote - you can create various notebooks for various subjects and classify the information into chapters and pages (more organized)

2. Google Docs/Microsoft Word (recommended one for each chapter or section so it does not get too long)

Tips for notes:

- Use colours to highlight your stuff as it:
  - makes memorization easier as your notes are organized and the main points can be sieved out easily
  - is also a form of decoration which is more aesthetically appealing and motivates you to study

- Draw simple symbols - linking concepts with images - easier memorization (since your notes become less wordy)

Tips for studying in general:

- Find your own method of studying - as mentioned in the disclaimer above, everyone is different and you have to find the way of studying that is best suited for you. 
  In general, there are three types of learners,
  1. Visual - uses visual stimulation to acquire information - the tips mentioned above were largely for visual learners
  2. Auditory - retains information through learning and speaking - reading your notes/content information out loud would help you remember them more effectively
  3. Kinesthetic - hands on approach of studying - taking short study breaks often and being active while studying will be beneficial

- Constant revision is essential - helps in long-term memory 

- Start early - last minute studying is strictly a nonono (not only does cause anxiety due to the rush and make it harder to retain information, it will also tire you out)

- Study with friends - having a study buddy can serve as a motivation and make studying less boring. you also can learn from each other as well!

Lastly,

Share your notes/study tips etc. with friends 

Sharing is caring :)
